= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures tomcat from debian/ubuntu packages.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.04, Debian Lenny. For Centos,RHEL use the stock opscode cookbook.

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks (http://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master)

* java (you change this to java_sun if you want to use sun-java instead of openjdk)

= ATTRIBUTES:

* tomcat[:user] - tomcat user (default tomcat6)
* tomcat[:group] - tomcat group (default tomcat6)
* tomcat[:java_home] - change the JAVA_HOME if using a different java installation (default /usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk)
* tomcat[:java_opts] - customize JAVA_OPTS (default "-Djava.awt.headless=true -Xmx128M")
* tomcat[:security] - java security enabled for tomcat? yes/no (default no)

= USAGE:

Include the tomcat recipe to install tomcat on your system:

  include_recipe "tomcat"

customize the attributes as needed in a role, or on the node.

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Marius Ducea (marius@promethost.com)

Copyright:: 2010, Promet Solutions

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
